it's time for some Father's Day fun
every year at this time I issue one of
our now infamous YouTube challenges in
the past we asked kids to squirt their
dads with a hose one year we asked them
to hop on pop while he was sleeping in
bed
we had people the children dumped
breakfast on their dad in bed and this
year I asked you to serve your father
breakfast in the shower while he was
showering many of you answered the call
always way more people than I expect do
this stuff we got a lot of responses we
went through all of them we whittled
them down to the best of the best and
now this is what happens when the
children of America unite against the
very person who gave them life
[Music]
[Applause]
we made you some bangles daddy
with you what get out get out hey happy
Father's Day Father's Day I wanted to
present you breakfast in the shower
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
we get them back on April Fool I am
Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching if
you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]